Improve information for Picroft and Desktop user (#145)
forslund/spotify-skill: README.md

Listen to music from your Spotify Premium music account

## About
Stream your favorite music from the popular Spotify music service. Spotify
Premium users can search and play tracks from their own playlists or the huge
Spotify music library.

You can also control your Mycroft device using the Spotify Connect system.
So play DJ on your phone while listening on Mycroft!

### This skill doesn't do any playback

> This skills works with the spotify connect protocol and generally requires the user to setup a spotify player themselves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This skill works with the Spotify Connect protocol to interact with Spotify devices, but doesn't perform any playback itself. If you want playback on the hosting Mycroft device, you'll need to set up a player yourself.
```

Reviewer 2: Ya this is an important aspect to consider.  Users don't HAVE to install raspotify locally, if they don't want to playback on the mycroft device itself, and rather just control other Spotify compatible players on the network.

> For picroft users [raspotify](https://github.com/dtcooper/raspotify) is a good choice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Picroft users, [raspotify](https://github.com/dtcooper/raspotify) is a good choice.
```

Reviewer: It's worth mentioning that raspotify on its own runs on a seperate user to the pi user, and so can't access Picroft's Pulseaudio instance without config changes. I think we already discussed this once, so sorry if I'm repeating myself :)

Reviewer 2: which "config changes" are you remembering here? - I don't think I recall anything special/extra about it.
(once I understood that raspotify was needed)

Reviewer: I edited the service to run under the pi user, rather than the raspotify user.

> 
> Install it and then edit the `/etc/default/raspotify.conf` file setting
> 
> - DEVICE_NAME to the name of the Mycroft unit (as registered at home.mycroft.ai):
> `DEVICE_NAME="<My Mycroft Unit>"
> 
> - and username and password
> `OPTIONS="--username <My Username> --password <My Password>"`
> 
> For desktop users the official spotify player works well.
> 
> The exception to this is the Mark-1 which is shipped with a spotify player library.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Install it and then make changes to `/etc/default/raspotify.conf` as follows:

- Set `DEVICE_NAME` to the name of the Mycroft unit (as registered on the [Mycroft website](https://account.mycroft.ai/devices)): 
  
  `DEVICE_NAME="<My Mycroft Unit>"`

- Set your Spotify username and password under `OPTIONS`:

  `OPTIONS="--username <My Username> --password <My Password>"`

For desktop users the official Spotify player works well.

The exception to this is the Mark-1 which is shipped with a Spotify player library.
```

Reviewer: I don't think it's explicitly necessary to set the DEVICE_NAME to the Mycroft name verbatim, but I can understand doing it for the sake of simplicity.

Reviewer 2: Could just say "it is recommended to ...", (it helps with device identification of course)
